Update modernbertdecoder docs (#39453)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/modernbert-decoder.md

# ModernBERT Decoder

> ModernBERT Decoder is the same architecture as [ModernBERT](https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.13663) but trained from scratch with a causal language modeling (CLM) objective from the [Ettin paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.11412). This allows for using the same architecture for comparing encoders and decoders. Thus, this is the decoder architecture implementation of ModernBERT, designed for autoregressive text generation tasks.

Reviewer: Also add where you can find the checkpoints.

```suggestion
ModernBERT Decoder has the same architecture as [ModernBERT](https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.13663) but it is trained from scratch with a causal language modeling objective from the [Ettin paper](https://huggingface.co/papers/2507.11412). This allows for using the same architecture to compare encoders and decoders. This model is the decoder architecture implementation of ModernBERT, designed for autoregressive text generation tasks.

ModernBERT Decoder uses sliding window attention and rotary positional embeddings for efficiency and to handle longer sequences.

You can find all the original ModernBERT Decoder checkpoints under the [jhu-clsp](https://huggingface.co/collections/jhu-clsp/encoders-vs-decoders-the-ettin-suite-686303e16142257eed8e6aeb) collection.
```

> > [!TIP]
> > Click on the ModernBERT Decoder models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply ModernBERT Decoder to different text generation tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> This model was contributed by [orionw](https://huggingface.co/orionweller).
>
> Click on the ModernBERT Decoder models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply ModernBERT Decoder to different text generation tasks.
```

import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("jhu-clsp/ettin-decoder-17m")
model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(

>     "jhu-clsp/ettin-decoder-17m",

Reviewer: For the `AutoModel` examples, maybe add `attn_implementation=flash_attention_2" to demonstrate FlashAttention support
